feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-new-permissions-for-email-cre 2025-02-21 (#4459)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-21-transactional-email-added-new-permissions-for-email-cre.mdx

---

> title: New Permissions for email creation (via SMTP or API)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New permission sets for email creation via SMTP or the Scaleway API
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-21
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> With these new permissions, any users or services can create transactional emails either through SMTP or the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these new permission sets, any user or service can create transactional emails either through SMTP or the Scaleway Transactional Email API.
```
